c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\BazyDanychEF.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\BazyDanychEF.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\BazyDanychEF.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.StartForm.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.NewOrder.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.Migrations.Migracja1.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\BazyDanychEF.Migrations.Migracja2.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.NewCustomerForm.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.newCategoryForm.resources
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.newProductForm.resources
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.statisticsForm.resources
C:\Users\student\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazyDanychEF\BazyDanychEF\obj\Debug\Lab1.findClientOrdersForm.resources
